Update Unity SDK docs (#91)
MetaMask/mm-docs-v2: wallet/how-to/use-sdk/unity.md

## Steps

### 1. Configure build settings

> In order to build the SDK, configure the following settings in your Unity editor according to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the SDK, configure the following settings in your Unity editor according to your
```

| `Samples`                | Test application scene that can be used as a referral for your project, including modal popups and dynamic UI scaling |
| `LICENSE.md`             | Package license                                |
| `Third Party Notices.md` | Third party notices                            |

## FAQS

<details>

<summary>I can't find the SDK installation option.</summary>

If you don't see the option to [install the SDK](#2-install-the-sdk-for-unity) in your Unity menu,

> make sure you're on the latest Unity version and that you have no red errors printed in your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ensure you're on the latest Unity version and that you have no red errors printed in your console.
```
